Please see below for answers to various frequently asked questions. If your
enquiry isn't answered by any of them, then please reach out to us directly via
team@gitfund.io.

FAQ:

[TOC]

### How do I update my sponsorship details?

You can use the [update sponsorship details page](/update.details) to update
your details.

### How do I cancel my monthly sponsorship?

You can use the [cancel sponsorship page](/cancel.sponsorship) to do so.

### Can I get invoices for accounting?

We will be adding support for autogenerated invoices (including VAT invoices and
credit notes) during our core dev period. If you need invoices before then,
please email team@gitfund.io and we will generate them manually for you.

### Why are you not charging VAT yet?

We are registered for VAT in the UK and the rest of the EU, and we will
definitely be adding support for VAT and VAT-like taxes (GST, IVA, &c.) during
our core dev period.

Unfortunately supporting VAT is not as simple as just adding a percentage to the
amount charged and introduces a lot of complexity, e.g.

* Having to account for currency exchange rates when the charged currency
  differs from the national currency of the relevant territory.

* Handling multiple rates within the same country.

* Edge cases when rates change.

* Producing and storing invoices appropriately.

* Validating and storing proof that a user is from a specific country.

So for this MVP, we've skipped on implementing VAT support by not providing any
benefit in kind for the sponsorship. However, once our core dev period is over,
we will reach out for VAT-related details from you before charging any
additional VAT, if necessary.

### What happens if you don't raise your base target?

Hopefully there is enough interest in supporting the open source ecosystem for
us to raise well beyond our base target.

But if by the end of September 2017 we still haven't reached it, then, depending
on the amount raised and our costs (especially with regards to legals and
compliance), we will either:

* Continue with the project — albeit delivering at a slightly slower pace than
  expected.

* Put the project on hold and cancel any further payments from sponsors. And
  will, of course, leave all of the GitFund code we'd developed till then as
  open source.

### How do I change the email address for my account?

Sorry, we haven't yet implemented support for changing the email address
associated with your account. We will do so as part of our core dev period
though.

### How do I change my password?

We use a passwordless system to authenticate users on the site. When you want to
sign in, we'll send you an email that contains a special authorised link.

### Are there any countries you definitely won't be supporting?

Given that open source is a global phenomena, we'll try as much as possible to
eventually support every country out there. If we don't support a country, then
it will be primarily due to one of two reasons:

* It's on an economic sanctions list of some kind.

* It has data protection requirements which require all personal data to be
  stored and processed within that territory and we are not able to figure out
  an easy, affordable, and reliable way of doing so for some reason.

### Why are displayed details not up-to-date?

In order to make the site load faster, we make extensive use of caching. This
sometimes results in stale information being shown for some time until the
caches get updated.
